NARRATOR:
During the final battle
between Ash and
Alain at the Kalos League,
Ash‐Greninja faced
Mega Charizard once more.
and was defeated,
leaving Alain as the
Kalos League Champion!
But during the awards ceremony,
an unexpected crisis occurred.
LYSANDRE: It's here!
The spotlight's on my
greatest work of all!
B ZYGARDE 50%: [ROARING]
MAN, WOMAN, FURFROU: [PANICKED]
ALAIN: Where's Mairin?
ASH: During the finals,
she didn't wanna
get in your way.
She asked me not to tell you!
ALAIN: She's always
overthinking these things...
ASH: At a time like this,
I guess I can ask...
Is Mairin important to you?
ALAIN: Yeah...
ASH: Let's go find her.
We'll help you look!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: It's out here, also!
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
SERENA: Ash!
ASH: There you are!
CLEMONT: Are you all okay?
ASH: Yeah, we're doing fine.
BONNIE:
Ash, Squishy disappeared.
It ran off somewhere!
ANNOUNCER (FEMALE): Giant
mysterious creeping vines
are overrunning the city,
and there has been major damage
centered around Prism Tower.
Avoid that area
during evacuation.
Again: There has been
major damage around Prism Tower.
CLEMONT: What's that?
BONNIE: It's glowing.
ALAIN: Could it be...Zygarde?
SERENA: What do you mean?
ALAIN: Those vines are
the work of Zygarde for sure!
CLEMONT: Oh no...
SQUISHY: Respond...Respond!!
SQUISHY: [CALLING]
ZYGARDE 10%: [ROARING]
ZYGARDE 10%:
You! What is it?
Respond! Respond!
BONNIE: Squishy...
Squishy's heading
over to Prism Tower!
CLEMONT: What? Really?
BONNIE: Yeah! I'm sure of it!
CLEMONT: Bonnie! Wait!
ASH: Go! We'll catch up
to you guys a little later!
SERENA: What about you?
ASH: I'm going with
Alain to find Mairin!
SERENA: But...
ASH: I'll see you as
soon as we find her!
CLEMONT: Hey, Ash...Take this!
CLEMONT: It's a communicator!
I thought we'd
encounter a situation
precisely like this one!
CLEMONT: It's not that powerful,
but it should come in handy!
ASH: Thanks, Clemont!
SERENA: Be careful, okay?
ASH: I will!
WORKER: This way! And stay calm!
SAWYER: Sceptile, Leaf Blade!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
SAWYER:
All right, let's do this!
TIERNO:
Okay. We're gonna make a path!
SHAUNA: Ivysaur, let's go!
TREVOR: You, too, Charizard!
TIERNO: Blastoise!
IVYSAUR: [APPEARING]
BLASTOISE: [APPEARING]
CHARIZARD: [APPEARING]
SYCAMORE: Everyone, that way!
OLYMPIA: Green fire.
A flickering green flame.
I saw it engulf Kalos
and threaten to
consume all of the people
and Pokémon in
that swirling fire!
SYCAMORE: So. Olympia foresaw
this was going to happen.
OLYMPIA: You will all
play a substantial role
in the chaos and turmoil.
SYCAMORE: But where are exactly
are Ash and the others now?
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
DIANTHA: Are you all right?
MAN A: Yes, ma'am!
OFFICER JENNY:
Thank you very much!
DIANTHA: Hi, Officer Jenny!
How is the evacuation going?
OFFICER JENNY:
I've got every officer on duty,
but the damage is
quickly spreading.
DIANTHA: Okay. Show me the
way to the tower, please!
OFFICER JENNY: Right!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET:
[SCARED]
JESSIE: This is crazy!
What is going ON?!
JAMES: It doesn't appear
to be a natural disaster!
MEOTH:
Get those things out of here!
MALVA: It's Lysandre...
ALAIN: Mairin! MAIRIN!
MAIRIN: It's Alain! Alain!
‐ALAIN: Mairin!
‐ASH: Mairin, over here!
We need to get to Prism Tower!
MAIRIN: Alain!
ALAIN: I'll save you! Charizard!
CHARIZARD: [APPEARING]
ALAIN: Use Dragon Claw!
CHARIZARD: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
ALAIN: YESS!
ASH: Pikachu, Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
POLICEMAN:
Do not get into your vehicles!
ZYGARDE 10%:
Respond! What's going on?
JESSIE:
Hey! Where are you going?
MALVA: This show's off the air.
As for you,
you can do whatever you like.
JAMES: But, Malva!
MEOWTH: You mean you're
just gonna stop reporting?!
MALVA: I remembered
something very important.
JESSIE: Of all the nerve...
I never! Hold on a minute.
I've got an idea! Camera!
JAMES: All right. Good. Ready!
MEOWTH: Go!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: To anyone who can hear!
JESSIE: I'm reporting
from Lumiose Stadium.
The Kalos League award ceremony
was interrupted by
a terrible calamity!
JESSIE: A sudden attack
by mysterious creeping vines
has left Lumiose City in ruins!
JESSIE:
What exactly is going on here?
Please stay tuned‐
I, Jessimurrow, will continue
broadcasting live updates!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ALAIN: How's that?
PIKACHU: [EFFORT]
CHARIZARD: [EFFORT]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
CELOSIA: Okay, pay attention!
CELOSIA:
Are you finally ready to listen?
ASH: I know you.
You were hunting for Squishy!
CELOSIA:
Wonderful. You remembered!
But today I'm after
something different.
Now I'm after you.
ASH: After me?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ALAIN: What do you mean?
CELOSIA: Lysandre's orders...
ASH: Alain, wait.
Do you know who she is?
ASH: Hey, Alain?
CELOSIA: Does he know me?
Of course he does,
we're colleagues!
ASH: You're working with
the ones chasing Squishy?
What is she talking about?
CELOSIA:
Lysandre wants to see you now,
so you come with me right away.
My associate has gone after
Squishy, let's get moving Alain.
ASH: Alain! Whatever she's
saying, don't listen to it!
ASH: Let's go!
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Alain?
HOUNDOUR X2: [GROWLING]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
CELOSIA:
Now, Drapion, Confuse Ray!
DRAPION: [CONFUSE RAY MOVE]
PIKACHU:
[QUESTIONING] / [PAINED]
ASH: A‐ Alain...What's going on?
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
HOUNDOUR X2: [GROWLING]
PIKACHU: [THREATENING] / [WEAK]
CELOSIA: Oh dear!
Look who loves its Trainer!
HOUNDOUR X2: [GROWLING]
CELOSIA: Grab them!
TEAM FLARE GRUNTS: Right!
JESSIE: This is Jessimurrow
reporting to you live
from Lumiose Stadium.
You can see the massive
damage to Lumiose City.
MEOWTH: Something's weird! Hey!
JESSIE: What?
LYSANDRE: To my beloved Kalos
region and the entire world:
I am Lysandre.
Team Flare is with
me to do my bidding.
CLEMONT: I know him!
LYSANDRE:
I have an announcement.
MAIRIN: Lysandre!
LYSANDRE:
We are here to remake the world.
Into a place of
pure beauty and peace!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Zygarde 10% Forme!"
LYSANDRE: Team Flare's purpose
is to transform our world
into an exquisite
example of creation!
LYSANDRE:
This Pokémon's name is Zygarde:
a Legendary Pokémon
who will preside over the
new order of the Kalos region.
LYSANDRE: So,
as leaders of this new order,
we have decided to join forces
with this powerful
guardian of creation.
LYSANDRE: Zygarde is angry
at the behavior of both people
and Pokémon.
LYSANDRE: The discipline
of this world has been lost.
Humanity is out of control.
We have forgotten how to share!
LYSANDRE: Without sharing,
people begin to
steal from each other.
LYSANDRE: When that happens,
there is not enough for anyone!
In order to live in
peace without stealing,
we must reduce the number
of beings on this planet.
LYSANDRE: Only the chosen
ones will move into our bright,
hopeful future!
LYSANDRE: We of Team Flare,
along with the fury of Zygarde,
will be the ones who
will make that judgment!
LYSANDRE: The new order
will do away with the chaos
of the world and bring about
the beautiful future we desire!
MAIRIN: But why?
TEAM FLARE GRUNT: Mairin?
We have orders from Lysandre
to bring you to him right away.
MAIRIN:
So you're the bad guys, too!
TEAM FLARE GRUNT: No.
We are doing all this for
the cause of world peace.
MAIRIN: Stop!
MAIRIN: Professor?
SYCAMORE: Forcing anyone to
do something against their will
is wrong... I don't like that.
TEAM FLARE GRUNT:
Keep out of this!
Skorupi, Poison Sting!
SYCAMORE: Garchomp! Dragon Claw!
SKORUPI: [POISON STING MOVE]
GARCHOMP: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
SYCAMORE: Are you okay?
MAIRIN: I'm fine,
thanks to you, Professor.
But what about Alain?
SYCAMORE: You saw him?
MAIRIN:
That's right. He was with Ash!
They were talking
about Prism Tower.
SYCAMORE: I see...
SYCAMORE: He and Ash
may be in grave danger...
SYCAMORE: We need to
head there now. Stay close.
MAIRIN: 'Kay.
I'm worried, Professor...
about all that stuff
Lysandre was saying.
SYCAMORE: Yes.
We have to be careful
and find out what's
really going on.
XEROSIC: Hello, Alain!
Lysandre's waiting...
ALAIN: What about Zygarde?
Why did you involve Ash?!
XEROSIC: Lysandre will
soon give you all the details.
ALAIN: Lysandre!
LYSANDRE: There you are, Alain.
What do you think?
Isn't it exquisite?
LYSANDRE: Thanks to you,
the system is complete.
ALAIN:
But, wait. It still isn't...
LYSANDRE:
The world will be at peace
just as I've
been working toward.
B ZYGARDE 50%: [EFFORT]
LYSANDRE: Isn't it beautiful?
All of the ugliness is
slowly disappearing. Behold!
LYSANDRE: You see,
Zygarde represents all
of our anger and rage.
ALAIN: You're destroying
the city and hurting people.
Is this really what you
think world peace is about?
You said you're protecting us!
LYSANDRE: Yes,
I'm protecting
the chosen ones only.
ZYGARDE 10%: [FURIOUS]
ZYGARDE 10%: What is it?
Aren't you able
to hear my voice?
B ZYGARDE 50%: [IMPERIOUS]
ZYGARDE 10%:
Answer me!! Don't you know me?!
LYSANDRE: You're here, Z1!
LUXRAY: [SWIFT MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
BRAIXEN/LUXRAY: [EXHAUSTED]
CLEMONT: I'm afraid it's no use.
BRAIXEN: [CALLING]
LUXRAY: [WARNING]
CLEMONT: Clembot!
CLEMBOT: Yes.
Yours truly, at your service!
HELIOLISK: [GREETING]
BONNIE: Thanks a lot, Heliolisk!
CLEMBOT:
If my master is in a jam,
I'll always be there to help!
CLEMONT: Clembot, way to go!
I need your help now!
I want to go to Prism Tower!
CLEMBOT: Right away!
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/HELIOLISK:
[SCARED]
MEGA BLAZIKEN: [BLAZE KICK MOVE]
BLAZIKEN MASK:
That was close, young ones!
SERENA/BONNIE: Blaziken Mask!
BLAZIKEN MASK: I'm here now,
so all of you can relax!
CLEMONT: Blaziken Mask,
I think the Prism Tower is
the source for all this trouble!
CLEMONT: If you can go and help,
maybe you can save Lumiose City!
BLAZIKEN MASK:
Understood. Leave it to me.
You and the others seek safety!
CLEMONT:
Come on! That's where my Gym is!
BONNIE: And Squishy, too!
BLAZIKEN MASK: Stay away!
Who knows what I'll find there?
You could be in mortal danger!
BONNIE: But Squishy's
my dear little friend!
CLEMONT: And I can't
just abandon the Lumiose Gym!
I have precious memories there!
CLEMONT:
If I don't do something,
I'll regret it forever!
BONNIE: Come on...
SERENA: Let us go, too!
BLAZIKEN MASK: I understand.
I'll allow you to
follow behind me.
But if there's
any sign of danger,
you have to turn back.
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/CLEMBOT:
Right!
ZYGARDE 10%: Wake up!
B ZYGARDE/ZYGARDE 10%:
[BATTLING]
CLEMONT: Bonnie?!
BONNIE: It's Squishy...
SERENA: What's wrong?
BONNIE: Squishy's in a lot
of pain. We've gotta hurry!
BLAZIKEN MASK:
Almost there. Come on!
ALAIN:
Lysandre, you said it yourself.
You had to be strong
to protect the world.
Is this what you meant by that?
LYSANDRE: You speak
of the power to protect.
Just what do you want to
protect in the first place?
A tomorrow that
is worse than today?
TEAM FLARE GRUNT:
All preparations are complete.
LYSANDRE: Excellent.
CLEMONT: This is...horrible!
BONNIE: Where's Squishy?
BLAZIKEN MASK: First we secure
the entrance! Use Flamethrower!
MEGA BLAZIKEN:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
BLAZIKEN MASK: Blaziken!
ALIANA: We can't allow that!
CLEMONT: Team Flare!
ALIANA: Sorry, but there's
no way you're getting past us.
BRYONY: This area is
off‐limits to outsiders!
ASH: What am I.
doing like this?!
ASH: Greninja!
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
ASH:
Pikachu! Are all of you okay?
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
LYSANDRE: Hello, Ash.
ASH: Lysandre! Alain!
What's going on? Let us go!
LYSANDRE: Forgive me for your
regrettably rough treatment...
but I can't release you.
ASH: Zygarde!
ASH: Alain, what's this about?
LYSANDRE: You see, Ash, you may
be one of the chosen ones...
CLEMONT: Well, I think you're
the ones who should be leaving!
CLEMONT:
The Lumiose Gym is mine!
I have the right to be here!
BRYONY: Oh, puhleeze.
ALIANA: Yeah...
SERENA: So Team Flare
was behind all of this.
CLEMONT: Yes.
It looks to me like
they're up to no good for sure.
BLAZIKEN MASK:
The situation here
is more serious than I imagined!
BONNIE: It's Squishy!
ZYGARDE 10%: [CALLING]
ASH/PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
SERENA/CLEMONT/CLEMBOT/BRAIXEN:
[SHOCKED]
BONNIE: Squishy!
ALIANA: Z1!
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
ZYGARDE 50%: [ROARING]
BONNIE: Squishy, yay!
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
ASH: So Squishy is...is Zygarde!
SERENA: No way!
CLEMONT: That's unbelievable...
ALIANA: What do you know?
BRYONY: Zygarde has appeared
just as Lysandre
said that it would.
B ZYGARDE 50%: [ANGRY]
ZYGARDE SQUISHY:
If you will not listen to me,
I will use force!
ZYGARDE SQUISHY: Ignorant fool!
ZYGARDE SQUISHY/B ZYGARDE 50%:
[ROARING]
NARRATOR: Amidst the
ruins of Lumiose City,
two Zygarde now clash!
What will happen to our heroes?
And what about Alain?
Lysandre's dangerous
ambition continues to run wild,
as the journey continues!